Add a PR template that explains updating `tests.version` (#445)
flutter/tests: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
Thanks for filing a pull request!
Reviewers are typically assigned within a week of filing a request.
To learn more about code review, see our documentation on Tree Hygiene: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/blob/main/docs/contributing/Tree-hygiene.md
-->

*Replace this description with a description of what your PR is changing, adding, enabling, or disabling.*

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This repository is a testing suite that contains references to tests (in the `registry` directory) that are run with every commit to Flutter
> to verify that no breaking changes have been introduced (in the "customer_testing" shards). Your merged PR is _not_ automatically run in the
> Flutter CI tree.
>

> > Once merged, a PR must be sent updating `dev/customer_testing/tests.version` with the latest SHA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After merging this PR, you must send another PR to flutter/flutter updating `dev/customer_testing/tests.version` in that repo with the latest git commit SHA of the flutter/test repo.
```

Reviewer 2: Would this not be solved by moving it all to `flutter/flutter/customer_testing`?  🛑 🗡️🦆☠️

Author: Yes, in some hypothetical future it would.
